very good to all kids today quintana
and today our in a new video and you
I bring the fastest gold players
Well the truth is that some are not
very economical others yes but most
of them for me are the 80 2 but yes
that run a lot and for
catch them the best thing is to let them go
only that I think that that always
the speed that
the technique and the body because I think that
I should revise that because I
it seems fine that the last game in
this
they for
that's why the speed in and good
we are going to
to see the top 9 vale are 9
and some of you will say good to me today
it seems faster this this good
for me are these personally and good
the first of all is pitroipa
good
92 of pace the truth that is a
barbarity for this player that the
it does not really run much but good 92
79 dribble 61 goals 71 of passes good
as what most try these
players the rhythm and I think the
others also like this in four
Dodge stars so
player
but it becomes him
a very good one, we went to the next
what classic and good
this 93 player of 81 dribble rhythm 72
of shot 75 of pass and defense of the
head 57 respectively
well, it seems to me
a very good exaggeration and very good
player the truth is that yes but good
for me something that failed them this
player is the watermarks but as
we are seeing them we put them fast then
the ebro not for me of the fastest
the band goes very well
and that's what most people
those that have a lot of speed are fixed
and that he knows how
as if the good band happened to the
next that is water men yang good
this player the truth that is not very
well-known vale is not well known but to
as I've been playing fifa 13
well I realized that a lot of
fifa 13 users because they do not have to
what after the rhythm in the dribble
it is so good neither the shot nor the step
I hope to keep going
and the rhythm is going great as
you see he only has three dribble stars
other things must fail as you see the
players that are have quite pace
They do not have much quality but there are others
yes so I
would lower the pace of those others
or the quality everything some do not know
they deserve
and good as there is a pretty player
Quick
not very far past and has
with many passes but with a lot of
that's why it can help rivers
Good move to the next that time if
the time yes
great 93 players of rhythm 90 of
Dodge your 77 from 74 shot of spies 58's
head and 49 very good defense with four
bad leg stars infinity me
It seems a lot of player very
good very good I the truth for the
have money and have the
none is worth it I recommend it
a pretty good very well
for the rhythm above all
well we went to the next one which is a
little expensive the truth that follows a little
expensive and is
ribéry good
500 thousand pines good the truth that
It is a bit expensive but if it deserves good
it's like you see the own 410 thousand coins
but five filigree stars
four of bad leg 93 of rhythm 93 of
dribbling 69 shots 83 of passes and 55 of
head and 49 45 good head defense
I think we're worried what
tried but good he is like that the truth
who is a great player and I think that a
frank ribéry yes they did well
but good
Now that is very fast and they are unique
well we go to the next one that I read
messi-good
the truth that many users do not have
lucky to have one his last for me
in watermarks would have to have five
stars
but if we put it that way because of the light it was a
93 rhythm
96 Dodge 88 of you 84 pass
contents of head and 43 of we think
that is to say this player he says it all
and well let's go to the next
is
larry clark if I do not know how to
pronounce the good truth 94 of rhythms
for this player and now true before
in other seasons I had not seen it
play island
new I do not know but I had not seen play
but I saw it the truth that it is very fast
it's very fast and especially the game
also very fast they go pretty well for
the right band on the right 4 of
3 bad leg watermarks
has 72 of 63 shot pass
and it goes very well for bands I
I recommend
the 'eredivisie'
well we went to the last two
walcott that I think a brutality
96 rhythm brutality for a player
It is the truth
altogether 26 rhythms 70 of shot 71 of pass
and 80 up what fails the sun to the
migra do not have three stars
but for speed there is no one who takes it
and finally you can
lack viviani that I do not have it here
but
or else if I do not have a good rhythm 96
what brutality 96 of pace for this
player who measures 127 who does not have 3 only
has three stars filigree other
fails but the shot of the pass as the
true that they do not balance much good
this has been all for today I hope that you
have liked the video give it like if you
liked favorites subscribe to
channel and good until the next